README.md, before:

This is a work in progress collection of my python knowledge and functions. 
While the original files are quite expansive, some parts are not quite cleaned up and are in need of a consistent format and style.
I generally apply pep8 styleguidelines but decided to play loose with some of the conventions where i deem it appropiate.
I will update the files with the missing sections as they are cleaned up.


Python_compendium.ipynb:  
The original of this file is a compromise between documenting my acquired python knowledge and keeping it concise so as to more easily find specific information.
Nowadays i mostly use it to refresh my knowedge on those concepts i use less often or to look up syntax.
Still i also kept quite a bit of more trivial information (especially in the first few sections) out of a sense of comprehensiveness.
This compromise also pertains to the documentation where i had to balance explaining concepts vs size and readability of the document.
This also meant commiting a major pep8 crime by ignoring 80 char line length for comments, sorry guido.

mv_functions.ipynb:  
The original of this notebook contains my functions.
They were mostly written for data exploration and to add convenience and are not geared towards production ready code.
While i have a .py file for import in python scripts and notebooks i prefer to work on and improve my functions in a notebook.
Therefore the last section saves the current mv_functions.py file with a timestamp, and transforms mv_functions.ipynb into a new .py file.

Commit message:

updated to current project status

README.md, after:

This project is meant to be an aggregation of basic and intermediate python knowledge. I try to strike a balance between comprehensiveness and enough explanation so as to be usable by what i assume to be the average python user. Note that content is biased towards data exploration/analysis/science and not production ready code. 


Python_compendium.ipynb:  
This notebook summarizes usefull python knowledge. While very basic concepts are included out of a sense of comprehensiveness, multiple methods to achieve similar results are generally not.

mv_functions.ipynb:  
Contains utility functions. They were mostly written for data exploration and to add convenience and are not geared towards production ready code.
mv_functions.py is meant for importing the functions in python scripts and notebooks, while mv_functions.ipynb is meant to improve the functions and write new ones.
Therefore the last section of the notebook saves the current mv_functions.py file with a timestamp, and transforms mv_functions.ipynb into a new .py file.
